so now for this tulip snail it appears
safe to patrol the shallows in search of
a meal but is it this is a rather bigger
kind of snail at five kilograms in
weight the giant horse conch has little
to fear from any shark and it has a
taste for tulips now
sensing the approaching danger the snail
flees but in a world of snail paces the
conch is something of a Ferrari it calls
for desperate measures
exhausted by the effort of its
last-ditch attempt the tulip snail is
slowly gunned down
the tide still has to rise for another
hour before the big predators can feed
but out on the flats the scent of dying
snail wafts away on the tide
it's a scent that these hermit crabs are
particularly partial to it's vital that
the crabs have the best possible
protection from the heavy teeth
of the waiting sharks and rays for that
they need the shell with a perfect fit
today there is new real estate on offer
and competition in this housing market
is fierce
[Music]
the action becomes even more desperate
when the shell of the devoured snail is
ready for release this crab simply can't
wait any longer but it's a decidedly
risky acquisition the risk paid off
handsomely the new shell is both Lysa
and stronger than the old home and it's
not a moment too soon
because the tide is flowing in strongly
flooding the plains
[Music]
you